Tell users to enable reaction updates (#991)
grammyjs/website: site/docs/guide/reactions.md

In private chats and group chats, your bot will receive a `message_reaction` update if a user changes their reaction to a message.
In channels (or automatically forwarded channel posts in groups), your bot will receive a `message_reaction_count` update that only shows the total count of reactions, but without revealing who reacted.

Both types of reactions need to be enabled before you can receive them.
For example, with built-in polling, you can enable them like this:

```ts
bot.start({
  allowed_updates: ["message", "message_reaction", "message_reaction_count"],
});
```

::: tip Enabling All Update Types
You may want to import `API_CONSTANTS` from grammY and then specify

```ts
allowed_updates: API_CONSTANTS.ALL_UPDATE_TYPES;
```

in order to receive all updates.
Be sure to check out the [API reference](https://deno.land/x/grammy/mod.ts?s=ApiConstants#prop_ALL_UPDATE_TYPES).
:::

> [grammY runner](../plugins/runner.md#advanced-options) and `setWebhook` have similar ways to specify `allowed_updates`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[grammY runner](../plugins/runner#advanced-options) and `setWebhook` have similar ways to specify `allowed_updates`.
```

> [grammY runner](../plugins/runner.md#advanced-options) and `setWebhhok` have similar ways to specify `allowed_udpates`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[grammY runner](../plugins/runner.md#advanced-options) and `setWebhook` have similar ways to specify `allowed_updates`.
```

Reviewer: good eye

Author: Indeed, not even Roj found this
